Add archive notice (#26)
jupyterlab/theme-cookiecutter: README.md

# theme-cookiecutter

## Archived

> **This project is archived. Development is now happening in https://github.com/jupyterlab/extension-cookiecutter-ts**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This project is archived. It is now possible to create a Theme Extension for JupyterLab using the following cookiecutter: https://github.com/jupyterlab/extension-cookiecutter-ts**.
```
